Add uan_chn_device to main docs (#31)
Cray-HPE/docs-uan: docs/portal/developer-portal/operations/UAN_Ansible_Roles.md

  - "ens1f1"
```

`uan_chn_device`

> `uan_chn_device` is a variable which can be used to override the default CHN device on the UAN nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  The default CHN device on the UAN nodes. Overwrite the default value to use a different device for the CHN on UAN nodes.
```
